Instructions for Website Creation: SciSymbio (Revised)
Project Goal: To create a modern, professional "pre-launch" website for the deep-tech startup SciSymbio. The website's primary purpose is to sell the company's vision, highlight the critical problem of scientific reproducibility, and establish the credibility of the founding team. It is crucial to keep the product description high-level and anonymize any specific, confidential partnerships.
1. Global Design & Style Guide
Tone of Voice: Visionary, professional, trustworthy, intelligent, and forward-thinking.
Color Palette:
Primary (Dark): A deep, rich navy blue or dark charcoal (#0A192F or #1D2A3B).
Accent (Bright/Vibrant): A luminous teal or cyan (#64FFDA or #00C2D1).
Text (Primary): White (#FFFFFF) or a very light off-white (#E6F1FF).
Text (Secondary): A lighter gray (#8892B0).
Typography:
Headlines: A clean, modern sans-serif font like "Poppins" or "Inter" (Weight: Bold or Semi-Bold).
Body Text: The same font family in a regular weight.
Imagery & Visuals: High-quality, abstract visuals. Use concepts like neural networks, data pathways, or stylized lab environments with a heavy depth-of-field (bokeh) effect. Incorporate subtle, fluid animations that trigger on scroll.
Layout: A modern, single-page scrolling website with smooth transitions between sections.
2. Placeholder Logo (SVG File)
Please integrate the following SVG code as a placeholder for the official logo.
code
Xml
<svg width="160" height="40" viewBox="0 0 160 40" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
    <!-- Placeholder Icon: Two overlapping circles for "Symbiosis" -->
    <circle cx="20" cy="20" r="12" stroke="#64FFDA" stroke-width="2"/>
    <circle cx="32" cy="20" r="12" stroke="#64FFDA" stroke-width="1.5" stroke-opacity="0.7"/>
    <!-- Placeholder Text: "SciSymbio" in the defined font -->
    <text x="52" y="27" font-family="Poppins, sans-serif" font-size="20" font-weight="600" fill="#E6F1FF">
        SciSymbio
    </text>
</svg>
3. Website Structure & Content (Section by Section)
Section 1: Hero Section (Top of the page)
Purpose: To immediately captivate the visitor and communicate the core vision in a single, powerful statement.
Background: A subtly animated, abstract network of nodes and lines over the primary dark background color.
Content:
Main Headline (H1): The Objective Witness for Every Experiment.
Sub-headline (H2): We are solving the multi-billion dollar research reproducibility crisis with the intelligent lab companion of the future.
Call-to-Action (CTA) Button: A brightly colored button using the accent color. Text: Join the Mission. This button should smoothly scroll the user to the contact section.
Section 2: The Problem ("The Multi-Billion Dollar Problem")
Purpose: To establish the urgency and scale of the problem SciSymbio is solving.
Layout: A two-column layout. Text on the left, a striking visual on the right.
Content (Left Column):
Headline (H3): Billions Lost. Progress Stalled.
Body Text: Over $28 billion is lost annually in the U.S. alone due to research that can't be reproduced. This silent crisis is one of the greatest barriers to innovation. Inefficient documentation, undetected errors, and the loss of invaluable expertise are slowing down discoveries that could change our world.
Key Issues (Presented with icons):
Icon 1 (e.g., a clock): Time-Consuming Documentation
Icon 2 (e.g., a broken flask): Costly Human Errors
Icon 3 (e.g., a fading brain icon): Loss of "Tacit Knowledge"
Visual (Right Column): A simple but powerful graphic visualizing the "$28 Billion" figure.
Section 3: Our Vision ("The Future of Research")
Purpose: To present SciSymbio as the visionary solution without giving away any product specifics.
Layout: Centered text over a full-width, inspiring background image.
Content:
Headline (H3): Imagine a world where every discovery is verifiable.
Body Text: SciSymbio is pioneering a new era of scientific integrity. We are building an intelligent partner for researchers that augments human expertise, not replaces it. Our vision is a lab where every step is transparent, every result is traceable, and invaluable knowledge is preserved forever. We accelerate progress by giving research back its foundation: Trust.
Section 4: The Team ("The Minds Behind the Mission")
Purpose: To build maximum credibility by showcasing the world-class founding team and their relevant experience.
Layout: A three-column grid, one for each founder.
Headline (H3): Driven by Experience. United by a Mission.
Content per Column (for each founder):
Professional Portrait Photo (consistent style, e.g., black and white against a dark background).
Name: Martin Priessner
Title: CEO & Vision
Description: Fusing deep research experience (AstraZeneca, PhD) with applied AI and strategic expertise (BCG).
LinkedIn Icon linking to his profile.
Professional Portrait Photo
Name: Lukas Zitz
Title: CCO & International Growth
Description: Expert in international market expansion and strategic networks (Austrian Trade Commission, New York).
LinkedIn Icon linking to his profile.
Professional Portrait Photo
Name: Markus Habernig
Title: COO & Strategy
Description: Specialist in pharma strategy and commercialization with an insider's perspective (BDO, Boehringer Ingelheim).
LinkedIn Icon linking to his profile.
Section 5: Validation ("Validated by Industry Leaders")
Purpose: To signal strong industry validation from a major player in an anonymized, professional way.
Layout: A very clean, minimalist section to let the powerful statement stand out.
Content:
Headline (H3): Our Vision. Validated at the Highest Level.
Visual: Instead of a logo, use a clean, stylized icon representing a global life sciences leader (e.g., an abstract molecule or a DNA helix).
Quote (Large, centered, and visually dominant):
"We have signed a Letter of Intent... to solve this crisis at its root."
Attribution below the quote: – Director of AI at a leading global pharmaceutical company
Section 6: Contact & Call to Action ("Shape the Future with Us")
Purpose: To provide a clear path for interested parties (investors, partners, talent) to get in touch.
Layout: Simple, clean, and action-oriented.
Content:
Headline (H3): Join the R&D Transformation.
Body Text: We are looking for visionary partners, investors, and talent to set a new standard for science with us. If you share our mission, we would love to hear from you.
Contact Information: A clearly visible email address (e.g., contact@scisym.bio).
Contact Button: Get in Touch (This button should open the user's default email client).
4. Footer
Layout: Clean and simple, divided into three columns.
Left Column: The SciSymbio placeholder logo and the tagline The objective witness for every experiment.
Center Column: © 2024 SciSymbio. All Rights Reserved. with links to Legal Notice and Privacy Policy.
Right Column: A prominent LinkedIn icon linking to the future company page.
Summary for the Implementing AI/Developer:
Create an elegant, dark-themed, single-page website following the section-by-section guide above. The key change is in the "Validation" section, which now uses an anonymized quote and a generic icon instead of a specific company name and logo. The rest of the structure, content, and design principles remain the same. The narrative should focus on the story, the team's credentials, and the powerful, anonymized industry validation.